my next guys grew up in a working-class
neighborhood in Tokyo Japan and he says
that while hot pots may have become
popular in Tokyo for a thousand years
ago these cozy hotpot dishes were a
family favorite in his home while he was
growing up today he's the executive chef
at Manhattan's acclaimed Matsuri
restaurant but when he goes home to his
wife and two daughters hot pots are
always what he makes and he loves him so
much that he recently wrote this
wonderful cook book on the subject
called Japanese hot pots comforting one
pot meals please welcome Tadashi oh no
to dr. song so explain to our audience
what a Japanese hot pot is I know
Chinese right and I think even in
Thailand where I just got back from hot
pots are very popular right so so in the
Japanese culture what exactly is a hot
pot well it's a healthy easy comforting
one pot meal you can share with family
and flick good friends so everything in
one pot everything is in one part yes
and um and so four thousand years ago i
guess i guess it was easy because there
were no stoves right one fire and the
pot would just sit on top of the fire
and they would add things to it exactly
you put everything in there and just mix
it together and any one ingredient that
is essential to a hot pot well we like
to put tofu you know and napa cabbage
haha negi which is a scallion right and
also greens mushroom but about can't do
is that combo is essential yes this is a
kombu seaweed it's closing the ocean it
dries out bright and you see all these
white things it's the umami umami is a
flavor I think it's not of us saltiness
yeah tasty it's good delicious yet so
that is an essential ingredient you can
buy that in in Japanese markets in
gourmet markets and get really good
quality I in our audience is sitting
Harris who worked on the book he's the
co-author hi Harris oh this is a
wonderful girl
thank you and so did you work with chef
and and and just oh yeah we we cooked
maybe three or four hot pots a day for a
few months I bet after that we ate a lot
of pizza so so if we don't have a clay
pot what kind of you know we know why
should we use we love enameled cast iron
like luck crew say cuz they hold and
distribute heat so even right but cast
iron works great like dutch ovens or
even stainless steel pots one of the
things we say in our book is used
whatever pot you have it's you know it's
family cooking it's really easy and
flexible now our chef is also a Potter
this is one of his beautiful pots and
I'm glad you kept it even though it has
a crack Lana crack well I kind of plug
oh I love this adidas to know this is
for the bus oh the flowers Oh for the
flowers are inelastic nathie you know
yeah so clever more beautiful very
beautiful very beautiful so let's cook
let's make a we're gonna make first a
kabocha which is the this beautiful
little squash hot pot yes ok Japanese
pumpkin yes pumpkin very nutritious
right lots of carrots another good then
potassium and I mean so you're using uh
dried shitake mushrooms we're going to
go vegetarian totally okay it's time so
you're gonna soak it about five hours
okay so they really have to reconstitute
the dry exact at least five hours
overnight is idea okay then we have this
bean stock to hold on i guess it's here
and we're gonna strain to get out the
shiitake much can you save the water of
course this is all the all the flavor is
in there okay and shiitake mushroom
you're gonna stem it I see yes I slice
them yes slice them ordered hub oh and
half oh yeah oh thanks fine yeah yes so
um Tadashi son is I call you to consider
she's sorry you didn't call me that she
put it here is has the most delicious
restaurant in New York it's one of my
favorite Japanese restaurants in the
and the with the name of the hotel I
forgot oh my gosh that Mary Jo Jo yes on
is it nineteenth Street 07 16 sixteenth
Street and nice of you and I tabula oh
it is so fun go downstairs into a
wonderland of giraffe right did you
design all those beautiful lanterns and
sings oh I have a partner yeah there's
always so good ok so now the napa
cabbage napa cabbage you're gonna slice
it also like this diagonal a little bit
so it cooks faster and also uh looks
nicer things like this ok so not you not
you yes beforehand we're going to
add into this suit sauce a half cup of
mirroring Oh Mirren yeah ok which is a
sweetening socket and half cup of soy
sauce ok and then yes and in the part
we're going to add a kombu underneath
and we are all these vegetable so what's
that daikon radish it's a big lad is
right there and this is a kabocha
pumpkin consciousness sorry mr. size
carrot two carrots taro root which is a
small hairy Harry potato like there and
shiitake mushroom napa cabbage cabbage
and so this just always AG mushroom oh
good good good texture right and good
flavor to hold in here and the nature
yes negi on top of it which is scallion
rice carry on japanese style and we put
the sauce into it all that oh that way
oh the same oh yeah just put these in
there Jess oh why not right yes we have
no Theseus oh good yes and we cover it
and he for about ladyboy then after I
balls you hit it about like 10 minutes
to cook through and that's it then after
10 minutes you're going to add you don't
little hole in here and you know it
hasn't been 10 minutes so I'm not gonna
tell you is the fresh you don't like
this yeah shoot on this is pretty koo
koo don't sounds like this in the
Chinese or Japanese
okay and here's why after 10 minutes we
put good on its gonna look like this
back home delectable yes and this is a
beautiful pot it is yeah it's the league
up eagerly of Japan and it's their
famous photo up no power seasoning is an
easy one-pot meal that i think would
just be perfect during these cold months
tonight oh my gosh i want that tonight
or actually how about right now I could
have some of that right words cold
outside so it's perfect perfect and
she's okay that would grace training
table and coming up next to da she
shares a hot pot that will get everyone
at the table involved thank you
you